hi guys and welcome back to another
video if you're new here my name is
Olivia Jarvis today's video is going to
be a huge sweaty Betty haul I've never
actually bought anything from sweaty
vacuum before never mind tried it on or
anything so I'm going in blind basically
and first impressions as soon as I
walked in that shop the price tag
extremely expensive get loads of
activewear and skiwear and everything
and surprised i haven't looked in there
before to be honest I'm just wanting to
try like some new brands and I've got a
bit sick of wearing the same styles and
just neat things up cuz I do notice a
lot of time in the gym everyone kind of
just ends up looking the same and going
through the same styles so I spent 400
pounds in there extremely expensive and
obviously not accessible for everyone
but the terms of this whole were that
I'm not keeping everything because that
is ridiculous I wanted to show you guys
exactly the quality and try different
styles and stuff so you can get a real
idea and obviously I went to see like
what was supportive what was squat proof
and give you like a good run through
you've got a mixture of leggings and
sports bras and all different styles
when I walked in that I did notice there
are a lot of patterns and I tend to
stick to quite block colors just as I
find them way more flattering and they
go more and I'm just you know that kind
of gal as I mentioned in some other of
my videos I've been adding a lot of like
hip workouts and I've been going on runs
like now the weather is getting nicer in
the UK I just tend to be a bit more
active I'm sure you'll be the same like
when you do certain types of workouts
you wear specific types of gym wear like
for example if you're going to be doing
as a cardio and hit or whatever you
probably won't wear like a flimsy sports
bra you know what I mean this could go
one of two ways this could be
unfortunately a really good discovery or
it could just be me taking it all back
but we'll just wait and see I did really
like what I picked up and I love the
fabric of the minute but I would look to
understand why there's so much more like
expensive compared to other brand news
from the outset look you know relatively
similar when I went into shop I did ask
are these mainly for like yoga exercises
and girl I suspect if she mentioned that
they're literally the end for everything
they had some really pretty sports bras
I don't know I'm going
like this and to be honest I've just
been on the lookout recently for less
industrial Tybalt's bras and that kind
of thing cuz I love I'm stuck oh they
might look pretty back let's get
straight into it so I popped into myself
a dream in traffic Center which isn't is
quite near me when I went in the shops
was really good like they're really
friendly and helpful I asked about the
size in the leggings I got a small and
an extra small just as apparently the
society's current quite big oh they're
quite generous so I'll just thought I'd
get 2,000 to show you what six mean
obviously I haven't shot no before so I
wasn't sure what was gonna suit me best
so right it's sunny lighting I literally
never thought I'd apologize for the Sun
being out in the UK it's actually quite
difficult to fill not in the lights in
his death but obviously this is a rare
occasion so I am not completely I'm
gonna start with this navy blue dish
drish is yoga bra lightweight sweat
wicking fabric supersoft strappy back
like a specific under band this was
fifty five pounds they sir seems crazy
even saying that like fifty five pounds
or a sports bra however I know I'm quite
impressed at the quality they feel is
completely different and it definitely
is a different fabric to your normal
sort of standard sports bra I must admit
what this will be like on is a
completely different story and I have
noticed like there is a lot more
determinants in terms of like the actual
band I'm not going to like a lot of my
active were especially the one chief of
price dude kind of thing to disintegrate
slightly after a few washes like
straight up go through quite a lot
active West so having you know it's some
like most kind of staple pieces that
that will last longer you know that is
there any way I could justify spending
more money on a sports bra oh this is
actually reversible oh my god how I miss
that the big fine reversible oh that's
like a multi-way sports bra into black
and it's still got the logo on I really
like that I wish would have a didn't
even notice that I have picks up just
feel that I wish I wish you could feel
this right now it was like good by the
way this video is absolutely unspun surd
completely I bought this all of my own
money just to let you know this is not
any form of an hour next up is power wet
look mesh workout legging
regular versatile versatile bone
sculpting leggings you can do anything
in wear for running spinning here I feel
like this would be a good all-around and
again what's this one and this was 85
pounds so super expensive but these and
these are the small they do feel like
looking at them now they do come up
quite big I like this like cool bit of
structured detailing it's gotten here
it's like a leather kind of look along
the sides and the back these do feel
amazing and they do feel completely we
do feel different to your usual leggings
you've got a zip here where you could
put your phone or food I would put food
on this back but enhance this on it and
these are full-length like a regular leg
I probably wear these most day-to-day
kind of thing you know like a fun one
you know working from home or going to
uni or anything like that I always wear
black claims but 85 pounds I wonder what
they'll feel like on like they must have
to have somebody blow job in with them
because that is so ridiculous
nice can you explain to me but the
fabrics nicer and feels softer but they
probably just put some conditioner on
them you just don't know do so like you
know the gym shark ones are like most of
the seamless ones that I've seen in my
protein halls as well they've got a
really sort of flattering pulley and
kind of tummy tuck if you like music
which I don't think these will have so
if that's what you like these might not
be few obviously I don't know what
they're like until I've tried them oh
and then next up is the bright got some
funky names you know we're on that
padded Eureka bra like support yoga bra
fit for a princess 40 pounds you all
know by now surely that these like
neutral kind of colors and my absolute
favorite and literally go warm right now
in this room it is like a greenhouse and
here seriously but yeah I think this is
a really nice color
got a nice neckline however that might
be I don't like stuff that's too high up
just doesn't look right on me at all I
really like the back like it's just
dainty pretty if you've got a smaller
bus and I think this is perfect for you
like it's obviously not on mode not the
most supportive bra and it's got a
corrosion effect which is quite
flattering down the side this feel very
much just like and it feels like a
normal sort of fabric like your normal
kind of warts bra so it's just five or
forty pounds you could probably get this
in Primark for four pounds I actually am
loving this two bras from Primark but I
love at the moment they're kind of like
a seamless and then an F 5 pounds of
primer then
next up is the zero gravity 7i rate and
run leggings the bottoms got teen
superhero leggins to make you go faster
so these are specially Viki more for
aiming for running and more active
technical Italian fabric is ultra
lightweight and sweat wicking supportive
fabric and curved seam school and lifts
the boys when ninety pounds go ninety
beetle blue and I got these in that
extra small I've got like a wick calling
it that's why we call it down the side
I've got a lot of detailing it just says
I've got fun sculpting but I don't
really will see what these are like on I
wanted to see this bone sculpting I feel
like and then lastly I got these time
trial run choice ultra lightweight
fabric sweat wicking breathable dose
draw cord on the waist these are 50
pound I got this in a small and these
look really quite big it's got a pocket
in the back I just need some like new
outdoor shorts that I come well I don't
know what these gonna be like from the
leg like art safer loose like you know
that [ __ ] kind of vibe or if they're
thin tight and then I really like that
they've got the waistband here that you
can tie to that could be a game changer
actually because you know you've worn
like a pair shorts a few times and then
you kind of start to give and again the
fabric of this is like that super
comfortable to like you could just wear
this lounging okay so these are the
shorts this is the first thing I've
tried on and I actually do really like
these like they're not they're super
comfortable however they are too big but
I've tightened them with the waistband
so I will definitely take them back and
get that extra small are they supposed
to be like they're supposed to be kind
of skin type they are really comfortable
and it would be you know it comes to
port from running in I definitely
suggest signing down in these as they
are quite big so I do think I'll go back
and try that extra small but a
fifty-pound obviously I'm not going to
keep things that don't fit I do really
like this feature that is really nice
because you can just make it addressable
for next is all run leggings in the
beetle blue now these are really nice
and I've got quite long necks and they
sit and they do come quite long on me
which I wasn't really expecting it but
these honestly do feel insane that
they're so nice
there's no camel tone and they just they
do feel completely different to like
your normal legging so it's quite
interesting to see and try these because
obviously I just presumed that they were
just over price and this is the extra
small and it does fit amazing oh my god
these are not a squat proof at all
they're quite sure when you bend down so
you wouldn't want to be you know doing
all your gymnastics in these you've been
as next is this sports bra the district
a bra in beats blue which matches the
pants I love that like dainty back
definitely feels quite supportive and I
think it's thick it's like a nicer
fabric and it's not sure or you can't
see the nipples through and and it
definitely feels supportive sorry I'm
impressed it definitely is just a bit
different you know to like a typical
industrial kind of bra it's got like a
bit of a V which he's always flattering
and I do like this thing it's MacIntyre
and hamster 50 pounds it is a lot but I
do like how it's a restitute you know
you can wear it in the black I'll show
you the black now however it is such a
mission to get this on and off like but
to be fair all sports bras like this are
qussuk literally so a woman here today
is where I'm Nick Reese weltering okay
so next is the power wet look mesh
workout leg in in the black would like
the wet look panels which are just these
are actually so so nice I'm actually I
really really like these they're so
comfortable these are in the small and
they're high-waisted they've got some
tummy controls really flattering and
just super comfortable in Italy
these are definitely squat proof and I
really like them I think they're so
flattering on your legs
so come to fit amazing on the leg
they've got that pocket at the back
really nice I actually love these and I
could probably just funny because I'd
get so much wear out of them
and how do you go through a lot of black
leggings and I think no bit different
too they've got that mesh down the back
the leg if you get up sweaty you know
under here then it's there's no camel
toe these wouldn't show sweat there like
such as silky we're so good if you could
just feel through the camera cos you
really need to feel these to appreciate
them feel and this is a bit questionable
isn't it doesn't it's nice but it's kind
of wishy-washy and I do like something
that pulls in use it and it's a bit this
is a bit more industrial however for
this material it is for sure you got
this has got so much hold but I do like
the color and it's you know it goes with
a lot and this color does just go with
everything so yeah this whole has been
an interesting one I haven't done one
like this before I do like some stuff
I've got I really like these black
leggings I just think I need to it was
good to get an idea for like sizes I
think I'll definitely be like an extra
small in the majority of their items and
I would consider going back and changing
its black going to the smaller size just
because I do not get a lot of wear up in
but there was a lot of these took I
don't think I could justify it when
you're spending that kind of money you
want things to be right and you want to
feel like bloody silk or I don't know
the the nosies material ever but I
really hurt you enjoy this video I have
got another Amazon haul which I've
ordered that should arrive tomorrow and
I'm really excited to do that one
because I'd literally a quarter of the
price of what I spent on these items so
keep your eyes peeled for that one if
you haven't already I'd love it if you
give a thumbs up and subscribe to my
channel as it really helps me out and
I'll see you guys in the next video